So we were able to see that our title and I note this card description states are working because we
are able to add things to our fields.
So this is really good.
But what we want to do ultimately is to be able to save or at least when this is clicked, be able to
say, Okay, let's go back to our note.
I'm going to close down there because we don't need to look at this point at the user interface.
We just want to look at the logic.
So if you look at the next note button should say what should save, which says save.
We have here the one click lambda.
So what needs to happen here?
Well, first of all, I'm going to validate and say if they want to check if title, that is not empty.
And.
Description also is not empty.
Only then will I be able to say, let's save or add to the list.
OK.
But when that happened, I also want to do something.
I want to clear our title and then just set that to empty.
Like this, an empty string, as well as our description say and district, is how we clear the fields.
Once we have clicked safe.
OK.
And remember, the reason why this title and and description are what they are, is because they are
mutable state.
We need those as we have talked about.
Something to remember.
But what is it?
How do we then save or add this item into our list in this case?
All right.
So we are able to display at the bottom here something like this a later time.
Here's a period we should go back to the top where we instantiate or created our note screen.
Here, we need to pass a few parameters.
Primarily, we want to be able to pass that responsibility to whoever is calling you, notes screen.
So what I mean by that is we know that this note screen, because it's going to have also late our time
on the list of all of these notes.
Right.
That means then here I'm going to have to pass notes like that.
It's going to be a list of notes.
Note object, which we haven't created.
Do not to use this provider contact.
That's not what we want.
So let's go ahead and create that first before we move forward.
So what if we go and let's go to a project?
Let's go to our model.
In this case, right click Want to create a new and class?
It's going to be a data class, called his note.
So our note here is going to be very simple now because I want to make this note easy to work with in
the future.
If we choose to do so, I'm going to add needs to save for it.
Now I could come here and start adding perhaps some random numbers each time a note is created and so
forth.
And that's very valid, but there is a really awesome class that we can use that creates random you
IDs.
You ID is universal ID.
So what I can do here in this ID, it's going to be a u u i d type.
This comes from Java you.
If you scroll up, you can see a class that represents an immutable, universal, unique ID.
Universal unique identifier.
I love that great name.
OK.
And you can read more about it and so forth.
So the idea is that this will create very strong ideas that we don't have to worry about ever.
So I'm going to import that.
I'm going to set it to create that UI.
There's different forms here.
I'm just going to use the random, you know, I'd like this.
So each time a note is created, we're going to have something like this.
So anytime you need to create IEDs, random IEDs, you you IEDs like this, which means the AIDS will
never be the same, which is what we want, won't take care of business with you.
You ied that random and next thing I'm going to pass here is going to foul title.
It's going to be just a string next description.
Also, strength, and because we are excited and also just because I'm going to add an entry date here,
so it's going to be I'm going to use local date time travel time there and it will set this to local
date to now.
So what this will do any time that this class is created or an object or this class is intentionally
instantiated to create a note, we're going to have a random ID generated.
We don't have to add ourselves, we can't if we want, but we don't have to.
And then we're going to have the time stamp, which is going to be the time when this was added or created.
Very neat.
That's all.
OK, so now that we have our note, we can go back to our note screen here and uncomment this and this
should work.
Now, let's be careful.
Let's go ahead and import.
Make sure we get our note from our project.
There we go.
What else do you want to do?
Well, for each note to want to be able to, of course, add that note to somewhere, as well as remove
that note?
Right?
So in this case, I'm going to also pass the on add note what I want to happen while I'm going to pass
and note object that needs to be added, obviously.
And in this case, in which case we turn nothing and then only remove note.
I need that note.
So I know what is it?
I'm removing and also return nothing.
All right now, we're going to have an issue.
If you have over here to the right click in our note screen preview here is going to say, Well, I
don't have any notes.
So what's going on?
Well, in this case here, I'm just going to go ahead and say, for instance, for notes, when I say
empty.
List and then for on I'd note, I just put an empty lambada.
Remove also an empty land, therefore, for now, because this is just the preview, so we just going
to pass that.
In fact, also we'll probably have to do the same thing when we go to.
Our main activity, what are we calling for now, I'm just going to say notes.
Say empty.
List
and move note, just past that for now, and also just pass something like that for now, we'll change
all of that.
So back to notes here you'd see that our notes screen now requires a list of notes.
So we need some sort of a list of notes for now.
What are we going to do?
We're going to have dummy data, so stay inside of our data here.
I'm going to say command and write another way of getting there.
This created Class Coughlin class.
It's just going to be a file note data like that.
And here I'm going to just create a class.
All this notes data source.
And just create a function here, say load notes, OK, return a list, yes, of notes, our notes make
very careful what we importing there.
And so now this will return a list of notes.
I said list of that.
Now I do have a lot of notes, so I'm just going to copy all of them and add them here so you don't
have to type it all in.
You also will have access to all of that or you can write them yourself.
OK.
So these are objects of notes which are going to be returned.
So anytime we want to notes, we come to notes, data source and load notes, which should be good.
Maybe not.
There we go.
I think looks like I'm missing something here.
Copy and paste sometime gets you.
OK, there we go.
All right.
So now we have the infrastructure set up so we can continue here.